Datomic Console End-User License Agreement

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY: This End-User License Agreement (EULA) is
a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single legal
entity) (Licensee) and Cognitect, Inc. to use the Datomic Console
Software (the Software). This EULA applies after the Licensee has
received the Software from a Reseller or Cognitect, Inc. The Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms of this EULA by installing, copying,
downloading or otherwise using the Software or clicking the "I Accept/
Agree" button if acquiring the Software on-line.

License Grant

Subject to the Licensee's compliance with the terms and conditions of
this EULA, Cognitect hereby grants to the Licensee a perpetual,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to install
and use the Software only for the Licensee's own internal use. The
Licensee is permitted to create copies the Software solely for data
protection, archiving and backup purposes.

Restrictions

The Licensee hereby agrees, without the prior written consent of
Cognitect, which may be withheld or conditioned at Cognitect's sole
discretion, it will not: (a) copy or use the Software in any manner
except as expressly permitted in this EULA; (b) transfer, sell, rent,
lease, lend, distribute, or sublicense the Software to any third
party; (b) use the Software for providing time-sharing services,
service bureau services or as part of an application services provider
or as a service offering primarily designed to offer the functionality
of the Software; (d) reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the
Software (except to the extent such restrictions are prohibited by
law); (e) alter, modify, enhance or prepare any derivative work from
or of the Software; (f) alter or remove any proprietary notices in the
Software; (g) make available to any third party the functionality of
the Software or any license keys used in connection with the Software;
(h) copy or embed elements of the code contained in the Software into
other applications; (i) export the Software in violation of
U.S. export administration rules, any other export laws or
regulations, or any other applicable law or regulation; (j) except as
otherwise permitted in this EULA, publish, use, promote, broadcast,
circulate or refer publicly to any Cognitect's name, trade name,
trademark, service mark or logo; (k) commit any act or omission the
likely result of which is that Cognitect or any of its third party
suppliers' reputation will be brought into disrepute or which act or
omission could reasonably be expected to have or does have a material
and adverse effect on Cognitect's interests; (l) distribute the
Software via OEM Distribution without entering into a separate OEM
Distribution agreement with Cognitect; (m) perform or facilitate any
act which, directly or indirectly, causes to be transmitted to,
uploaded or downloaded by, the Cognitect or any end user any software
viruses, worms, Trojan horses, time bombs, trap doors or any other
computer code, files or programs or repetitive requests for
information designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality
of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment
or to diminish the quality of, interfere with the performance of, or
impair the functionality of the Software (individually and
collectively, a "Virus"); (n) use the Software for any immoral,
unethical, illegal or otherwise nefarious purpose; or (o) use with or
distribute the Software to any person located in a United States
embargoed country, named on the United States Treasury Department's
listing of specially designated nationals and blocked persons or
otherwise blacklisted by any instrumentality of the United States. Any
breach or suspected breach of any term or condition set forth in this
paragraph will result in the immediate termination of all licenses
granted hereunder.

Protection Mechanisms

The Software may include license protection mechanisms that are
designed to manage and protect the intellectual property rights of
Cognitect and its third party suppliers. Licensee must not modify or
alter those features to try to defeat the Software use rules that the
license protection mechanisms are designed to enforce. Any such
attempt by the Licensee will result in the immediate termination of
any license granted under this EULA.

Proprietary Rights

Cognitect reserves all rights not expressly granted to the Licensee in
this EULA. The Software and all copies thereof are protected by
copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. Cognitect
or relevant third parties, as applicable, own the entire title,
copyright, and other intellectual property rights and interests in and
to the Software and all subsequent copies of the Software. The
Software is licensed, not sold and the Licensee does not acquire any
rights of ownership in the Software. The Licensee acknowledges the
Software contains proprietary information and trade secrets of
Cognitect and the Licensee agrees it will not take any actions
inconsistent with Cognitect's ownership of such information and trade
secrets. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Licensee agrees it will not directly or indirectly access or use the
Software in order to build a competitive commercial product or
service. The Licensee acknowledges the Software contains Embedded
Software and that, in addition to the obligations of this EULA,
additional obligations may apply in relation to any use of Embedded
Software by the Licensee. In such circumstances the Licensee must
consult the relevant third party to acquire any necessary licenses and
consents in relation to its use of any Embedded Software. Any breach
or suspected breach of any term or condition set forth in this
paragraph will result in the immediate termination of all licenses
granted hereunder.

Disclaimer of Warranty

THE SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES AND MAINTENANCE PROVIDED HEREUNDER ARE
PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. COGNITECT DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES OR MAINTENANCE PROVIDED
HEREUNDER WILL MEET LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL
OPERATE IN THE COMBINATIONS LICENSEE MAY SELECT FOR USE, THAT THE
OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT
ALL SOFTWARE ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. COGNITECT HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, USE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTIES
ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE.

THE LICENSEE EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THE SOFTWARE RELIES
UPON THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE FOR CERTAIN FUNCTIONS AND COGNITECT MAKES NO
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, PROMISE OR GUARANTEE TO THE LICENSEE THAT
SUCH SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR FREE, ACCOMPLISH A SPECIFIED PURPOSE OR
PERFORM IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY PARTICULAR STANDARD, LEVEL OR METRIC
AND COGNITECT WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY FAILURE THEREOF TO THE
LICENSEE.

COGNITECT DOES NOT STORE ANY DATA. THE LICENSEE IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE ACCURACY, QUALITY, INTEGRITY, LEGALITY, RELIABILITY, SECURITY,
MAINTENANCE AND STORAGE OF ALL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE
LAW. IF THE LICENSEE REQUIRES PERMANENT STORAGE OF ANY DATA USED IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE, THE LICENSEE IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR
THE CREATION OF ANY AND ALL BACKUPS OF SUCH DATA BEFORE USING THE
SOFTWARE

Limitation of Liability

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
COGNITECT OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY
FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR FOR THE COST OF PROCURING
SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING
TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS EULA OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY COGNITECT HEREUNDER
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES OR OTHER LOSSES FOR LOSS OF
USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS,
LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES
OR LOSSES EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND REGARDLESS OF
THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, INDEMNITY, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN NO EVENT WILL COGNITECT OR ITS
LICENSORS' AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE, FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION
AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY, EXCEED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS (US
$1,000). The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that Cognitect
has set its prices and entered into this EULA in reliance upon the
limitations of liability specified herein, which allocate the risk
between Cognitect and the Licensee and form a basis of the bargain
between the parties. IF THE LICENSEE IS LOCATED IN ANY COUNTRY WITHIN
THE EUROPEAN UNION ONLY, NOTHING SET FORTH IN THIS EULA SHALL EXCLUDE
OR LIMIT LIABILITY TO A GREATER EXTENT THAN IS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW OR SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT
MISREPRESENTATION OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY
NEGLIGENCE.

Assignment

Licensee may assign this License to: succeeding parties in the case of
a merger, acquisition or change of control; or (ii) if Licensee is a
supplier, to a government agency; provided, however, that in each
case, (a) Cognitect is notified in writing within ninety (90) days of
such assignment, (b) the assignee agrees to be bound by the terms and
conditions contained in this License and (c) upon such assignment, the
Licensee makes no further use of the Software. Cognitect may assign
its rights and obligation under this License without the consent of
the Licensee. Any assignment in contravention of this paragraph shall
be void and of no force or effect and will result in the immediate
termination of the licenses granted hereunder.

Entire Agreement; Severability

This EULA (including any addendum or amendment to this EULA which is
included with the Software) is the entire agreement between the
Licensee and Cognitect relating to the Software and supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and
representations with respect to the Software or any other subject
matter covered by this EULA. If any provision of this License is held
to be void, invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions
shall continue in full force and effect.

Licensee's Use

The Licensee hereby agrees to defend and hold harmless Cognitect and
its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, shareholders,
employees, representatives, agents, successors and assigns
(collectively, the Indemnitees) in any action or claim, and to
indemnify Cognitect and its Indemnitees from and against any and all
losses, liabilities, sums of money, damages, expenses, and costs
(including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising
from such action or claim and related to: (a) the Licensee's breach of
any term, condition, representation or warranty set forth in this
EULA; (b) the Licensee's breach of any term or condition set forth in
an agreement governing any Embedded Software; and/or (c) the
Licensee's violation of any applicable law.

© 2013 Cognitect, Inc.

